Material Descriptions for Graph Generation
=========================================

1. The research article 'Biocompatible organic coating fabrication via polymer/clay nanocomposites: Evaluation of mechanical improvements, Kandemir et al., Polym. Comp. 2023' investigates Polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 0.5 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 8.0 GPa. The tensile strength is 184.4 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as exfoliated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoplastic. Mechanical properties were characterized using Instrumented-indentation.

2. The research article 'Development of Hashin-Shtrikman model to determine the roles and properties of interphases in clay/CaCO3/PP ternary nanocomposite, Zare et al., Appl. Clay Sci. 2017' investigates Polypropylene (PP) nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 2.0 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 2.41 GPa. The tensile strength is 43.3 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as intercalated/exfoliated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoplastic. Mechanical properties were characterized using Tensile Test.

3. The research article 'Tuning the Mechanical Properties of Poly(Methyl Acrylate) via Surface-Functionalized Montmorillonite Nanosheets, Rauschendorfer et al., Macromol. Mater. Eng. 2020' investigates Poly (Methyl Acrylate) (PMA) nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 5.4 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 0.22 GPa. The tensile strength is 1.9 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as exfoliated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoplastic. Mechanical properties were characterized using Tensile Test.

4. The research article 'Tensile and Flexural Properties of Montmorillonite Nanoclay Reinforced Epoxy Resin Composites,Alsagayar et al., Adv. Mater. Reserach 2015 ' investigates Epoxy Resin nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 0.5 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 1.4 GPa. The tensile strength is 67.32 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as exfoliated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoset.

5. The research article 'Effect of type and concentration of nanoclay on the mechanical and physicochemical properties of bis-GMA/TTEGDMA dental resins, Encalada-Alayola et al., Polymers (Basel). 2020' investigates Bis-GMA/TTEGDMA-Based Resin Composite nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 2.0 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 2.99 GPa. The tensile strength is 110.2 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as intercalated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoset. Mechanical properties were characterized using Flexural Test.

6. The research article 'Enhanced ductility and tensile properties of hybrid montmorillonite/cellulose nanowhiskers reinforced polylactic acid nanocomposites , Arjmandi et al., J. Mater. Sci. 2015' investigates Polylactic Acid (PLA) nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 1.0 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 4.4 GPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as intercalated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoplastic. Mechanical properties were characterized using Tensile Test.

7. The research article 'The use of montmorillonite clays as reinforcing fillers for dental adhesives, De Menezes et al., Mater. Res. 2016' investigates Dimethacrylate Copolymer nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 0.2 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 1.12 GPa. The tensile strength is 28.7 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as exfoliated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoset. Mechanical properties were characterized using Flexural Test (Three Point Bending).

8. The research article 'An approach to study the roles of percolation threshold and interphase in tensile modulus of polymer/clay nanocomposites, Zare , J. Colloid Interface Sci. 2017' investigates PP nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 1.0 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 2.35 GPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as intercalated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoplastic. Mechanical properties were characterized using Tensile Test.

9. The research article 'Efficiency of stress transfer between polymer matrix and nanoplatelets in clay / polymer nanocomposites, Zare et al., Appl. Clay Sci. 2017' investigates PBT nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 1.0 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 2.562 GPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as intercalated. The polymer matrix is classified as a thermoplastic. Mechanical properties were characterized using Tensile Test.

10. The research article 'Effect of halloysite nanotubes and organically modified bentonite clay hybrid filler system on the properties of natural rubber, Abhisha et al., J. Elastomers Plast. 2020' investigates natural rubber (NR) nanocomposite materials. The nanocomposite contains 1.0 weight percent MMT. The elastic modulus is 5.7 GPa. The tensile strength is 19.0 MPa. The MMT dispersion is characterized as exfoliated. The polymer matrix is classified as a elastomer. Mechanical properties were characterized using Tensile Test.

